Hello dear friends with you
dominate space
Today we will have a review on lego star
wars
art de tu exclusive set
and in general, yes I brought it from
Germany somewhere about two years ago so
let's start here we only go on
minifigure is such a nakida 2 to
show what is the size of a small figure
rd2 saving with you big model like
you see very huge this one on it
Tornado 2 so perhaps we begin with these
here we have the way here is this sticker
type of stand under
under it here in general that is written everything
about this island mechanical droid
or astromech droid but we will be so
it is said more correctly so the court is spelled
what model what height what does he have
there is a holographic ment ebb
He then saw a projector by the way where
then it is there you can open it is not it is not
beer
here is a saw by the way, and there are in my back
there is some kind of lever
which are activated let's see yes that's
that's saw
they didn't lie to us
ie saw a horde of up to 2 is also there
so in general, the whole is written about him
that's small from 2 to 2 on think you
everyone saw him
so here it is and so let's go
apologize to our model let's start
from the legs then there is a lower angle
I liked the design very much
great did this hell to 2 here u
he has many also can not
get out a little bit like this it's not on
Lego Technician Details
the technician is required as well here and pipes
I do not know the wire
some generators on and apparently
let's find and these legs by the way are identical from
so come a higher degree leg
this design also put here detail
from the holy ball moves like this
design and they are identical on both sides and
so now here is so spinning
don't know about the propeller but not the propeller
it's probably also a kind of design
did something so here too design and
there are two opening doors with
which you can turn it from behind
controls how you know it from him
such a bottle opener he had this door
thing tore so inserted
and there something twisted and in that way
opened the door and helped his friends
further here we were such she moves
so basically just spinning behind
to remove just turn in
the opposite side and they are with us
cleaned up
so here we have this type of design circle
and so every other head
although not the same yet head yet while I am you
show this here is the set function you know
war 2 2 could also open these two
gizmo here so here it is so here
peeking out and it was by the way resting on 360
degrees and there just see gold
all sorts of items for jewelry
his legs look like this I don't even know what
it and so
or head to our Ardvi d2 our taverns
nice little so cool because memory is
nonsense and so poops have us design it
the touchlight still some long
eye I just don't know how it all
name and he has a 360 degree head
and also in the back as you see on the design
worked here whale spotlight and
spinning 360 degrees and so here it is
so we collected it very difficult for me then
one of the years was
I collected it collected his zenith although it
like but still masculine android
so now i'll show you what's behind us
here's how everything looks back from us too
very symmetrical and beautifully made
by the way here i controlled the saw and
here I do not know what he opens the door
also here he has a third leg
Movie question omit here yes here you are
omit and 3 guesses and I think he still
can do like this
the most important thing and I already forgot how everything
being done so how are you him so we him
We can lift here and so aside
those legs are back and so nothing
it turns out so well what kind of nonsense are you so
But in general, he has a third leg so
taken out
I think he can still somehow become
rack so she was straight
poured details oh god everything falls out
friends do not even know where to mount
and so that this foot inside us so
so that we put this foot inside we
just take and then raise up and leg
there we put everything in there of course
inside the mechanisms and done and everything is there
certainly not symmetrical and ugly
when I collected I saw it all but
I think it will not disassemble the hour and so
That's all for an exclusive review.
r22 collectible model myself was me
domino the space and by the way it's all me
filmed on an improvised state here
why he fell at me and therefore why I
I take off in general all thanks to all
view post likes and comments
good luck everyone all bye